WHfB/Key Trust models: PIN reset availability (#5286)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-identity-verification.md

-   Passwords are subject to [replay attacks](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=615673).
-   Users can inadvertently expose their passwords due to [phishing attacks](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/phishing).

> | | | |
> | :---: | :---: | :---: |
> | [![Overview Icon](images/hello_filter.png)](hello-overview.md)</br>[Overview](hello-overview.md) | [![Why a PIN is better than a password Icon](images/hello_lock.png)](hello-why-pin-is-better-than-password.md)</br>[Why PIN is better than a password](hello-why-pin-is-better-than-password.md) | [![Manage Hello Icon](images/hello_gear.png)](hello-manage-in-organization.md)</br>[Manage Windows Hello in your Organization](hello-manage-in-organization.md) |

## Prerequisites 

> [!Important]
> 1. Hybrid deployments support non-destructive PIN reset that only works with the certificate trust model.</br>. 
> **Requirements:**</br>

> > Microsoft PIN Reset Service - Windows 10, version 1709 or later, Enterprise Edition</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft PIN Reset Service - Windows 10, versions 1709 to 1809, Enterprise Edition.  There is no licensing requirement for this service since version 1903. </br>
```

| AD FS with 3rd Party MFA Adapter | AD FS with 3rd Party MFA Adapter |
| Azure Account, optional for Azure MFA billing | Azure Account, optional for Azure MFA billing |

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > For Windows Hello for Business key trust deployments, if you have several domains, at least one Windows Server Domain Controller 2016 or newer is required for each domain. For more information, see the [planning guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-adequate-domain-controllers).

Author: This is the new line added from a different pull request or commit from MS private repo (haven't had time to check the origin yet).
